Our previous demo ended up with us creating this getRide method,
but you'll notice that we haven't implemented the @Override
annotation and exposed that through our other tiers.
So let's start off by changing the getRide method by adding in @Override, and
this will tell us that we want to expose this to other tiers.
Now we're going to open up our interface,
go to the RideRepository, and add just the signature here of Ride getRide.
We're going to use an integer for the lookup, and we'll save this. And
now we need to expose this through our service tier.
The service tier, we're going to do the same thing.
We want to expose a method called public Ride getRide
that takes an integer and calls that method that we just
created in our RideRepository.
So we're going to say RideRepository.getRide and pass in that ID.
And likewise, we'll want to go into our RideService interface and
expose that through our interface as well.
So we'll say Ride getRide and make that take the integer as well.
Now that we're at this point, our controller can now expose this to
our test or our UI tier, so we can open up our RideController, and
I'm going to go ahead and paste in some code here that I don't go
through and type this all out.
But I'll walk through everything it does.
So I'm going to grab this code that I've already written and go into
our RideController and paste this at the bottom.
Now, this one's a little bit different than what we
have done in other controller methods.
We're going to actually look for a path variable.
So we're going to say RequestMapping value ride/, and this
tells it it's a variable that we're going to grab.
And you can see down below here in our method signature,
we say @PathVariable value id, and it will automatically
convert it into an integer,
passing that into the rideService.getRide that we just created.
Let's go ahead and now add that to our unit test.
So we can open up our RideControllerTest,
RestController, scroll to the bottom, and we can create a method to get
that individual ride. And just like the controller,
I have some code that I've already written, but we'll walk through
what it does. We'll grab this test and paste this in at the
bottom, and this is a little bit simpler.
You can see here we've said testGetRide and we've created an instance of the
RestTemplate, but we can now just grab this for one object.
So restTemplate.getForObject enables us to call this URL and you can see
I'm putting on a parameter at the end of that URL of 1.
So I want to get that first object back, and that's
referring to the ID in which is stored in the database, and
it will return that to a Ride object.
I don't have to use a parameterized list or anything like that, it
will just grab that individual object back and we can then run the
test on it to see what is being returned.
So we'll print out the name and it should be for this example in my database,
the Bobsled Trail.
So let's go ahead and save this, start up our server.
Once that's up and running, we can go into our test, right‑click, Run As, Unit
Test, and we should have a green bar which we've got and our console already
exposed that we had Ride name: Bobsled Trail Ride.
So it's pretty simple.
All we did was go through our RideRepository and expose that
through our interface and add that @Override.
We did the same thing in our service tier.
We exposed that through the interface, as well as made it
available through our RideServiceImpl.
And then in our RideController, we created that parameterized
return where it would take a URL parameter,
assign that to a path variable, call rideService
and return that object back out.
And now we're to a point that inside of our tests, since
we can grab this single object back,
we can now use that for our updates. Rather than
trying to just falsify the information,
I opted to grab that object back and manipulate it. Let's look at what we're going to do for our update method now